Changing dependencies to fix a bug is a bug fix (#7)
SciML/ColPrac: README.md

### Changing dependency compatibility 

*   Generally changing dependency compatibility should be a non-breaking feature.
    *   i.e. pre-1.0 change patch version number, post-1.0 change the minor version number.
    *   For instance, adding or removing compatibility with a particular __version__ of a current dependency, which may or may not require internal code changes.

>     *   This also applies when adding or removing packages as dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
    *   This also applies when adding or removing packages as dependencies.
    *   The new feature is question is the ability to use with a different set of packages.
```

*   Changing a dependency to resolve a bug is a bug-fix.

>     *   For example if a bug in a downsteam dependency is causing a problem in your package restricting compat to not allow that version would be a bug-fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   i.e. pre/post-1.0 change patch version number.
    *   For instance, if a bug in a downstream dependency is causing a problem in your package restricting compat to not allow that version would be a bug-fix.
```

Just to make it consistent with the format of the previous point
